RED product updates: WO, WO Stats, FC, FC Perc, Tasseled Cap, Mangroves (#266)
GeoscienceAustralia/dea-knowledge-hub: docs/data/product/dea-fractional-cover-percentiles-landsat/_details.md

This product is designed to make it easier to analyse and interpret fractional cover. It uses the Fractional Cover (Landsat) product and calculates the statistical summaries (10th, 50th and 90th percentile) of fractional cover per epoch (annual).

> This product includes cloud and shadow buffering with a size of 6 and includes Landsat-5, Landsat-7, Landsat-8, and Landsat-9 (from 2022 onwards).

Reviewer: **Question:** Which 'units' to use here? A size of 6 km^3 ?

```suggestion
It includes cloud and shadow buffering with a size of 6 units. This buffering is applied to Landsat 5, Landsat 7, Landsat 8, and Landsat 9 data from 2022 onwards.
```

Author: Added the unit which is pixel.

* 2003 : Landsat 5 and Landsat 7
* 2004-2010 : Landsat 5 only
* 2011-2012 : Landsat 7 only
* 2013-2021 : Landsat 8 only

> * 2022 onwards: Landsat 9 only

Author: Yes, thanks for picking this up.
